Maybe. I guess watching it periodically meant that it wasn't as smooth, I needa try binging it.

Oh please no... Don't bother making season 4

After a shitty season like season 3, I really am beginning to think the show isn't good anymore

Season 1 and 2 were so atmospheric, credible, unexpected and thrilling.

Season 3 is pretty much all expected from the beginning, and feels a bit fake. Maybe it's the creators' final cue that in the Middle East, reality is way less exciting than it looks from the outside world...

But why do they care, as long as the new season has action, millions of people will watch it anyway, not understanding that Fauda is not even that much of a good action show- action only comprises a little part of its qualities.

I mean, if you study biblical Hebrew the chances are you'll be much more advantaged because that way you can actually understand Phoenician very well (maybe 75%?) but also be able to understand other Canaanite tongues.

Wow! Well done.

Challenge accepted

I'll return to this when I have time

Interesting. But tbh, most of the conversations in Fauda are in Spoken Urban Palestinian Arabic (yes- I know it sounds weird but the Arabic spoken in Nazareth cannot be understood easily by the Arabic of somebody from Hebron. It's very dialectial / locality-specific). So if anything, you should learn Arabic for Fauda.

That's kind of what I am doing, making sure I don't forget Arabic after last summer. I am hoping to learn Arabic properly soon though.

Yeah, via an Israeli pirating website called "Sdarot". Unfortunately they don't have English subtitles though. I am lucky enough to speak Hebrew so to me it doesn't mean much but I understand that you guys have to wait for it to be on Netflix (in about a month).
Don't worry, at least on Netflix you don't have to wait 3 months for the season to end. You can just binge it and get a better sense of the plot.

Oh cool, your argument makes sense.
Lol what we did here is in depth film analysis!

Have you had the chance to watch some of season 3 yet?

Hahaha

Wait dude, what are you skeptic about- Palestinian affairs or Israel making peace with Palestine?

What do you mean?
Doron is a musta'arabi. He speaks perfect Arabic which even fits with the sub-dialect of the town he comes from. He looks fairly Arab (and even that doesn't matter since some Palestinians are ginger with blue eyes) and he has blood all over his shirt in that season. His story is so realistic perhaps because when Walid asks him what he why he wants a revenge, he retells him the story of how Walid and Abu Ahmad detonated Boaz (I am surprised he didn't notice..?) but anyway that's not the point- the point is that there are many Palestinians who joined Hamas who had similar stories as him. Plus, Doron wears a keffiyeh in all the situations where he's in direct contact with Arabs, so there was no way Taufiq would have known that Doron is a mista'arev.

PS: I think the real reason why Walid assassinated Abu Ahmad was because he felt unsafe around him. Maybe mixed with some zeal and power thirst. I don't know.

Just 6 numbers

Yes well we don't care about definitions anymore, do we?
All we want is peace already

Interesting stance  
I do think that working towards a one-state solution would change the politics A LOT

Because just look at Arab Israelis, they are much more educated and well-received in Israel than Palestinians.

But yeah, needless to say, most Israeli policy-makers at the moment strongly adhere to the ideology that says "Let's annex the West Bank and give all the Palestinian residents Jordanian passport instead of Israeli passport" which is not only a good way to prevent peace with Palestine but also break the peace that we worked really hard for between Jordan and Israel.

WELL DONE, RIGHT WING IMBECILES

See?:

Yes but it's minor and stupid land swap equivalent to the "disconnection" from Gaza in 2005

Not gonna solve the problem is it

If I was prime minister of Israel at the moment I'd take advantage of the currently relatively peaceful PLO, and sign a peace agreement with Mahmoud Abbas giving them their pre-1967 land back. Maybe I'd also give them some enclaves of Israel such as the Triangle and some places near Akko. Give the Jordanians the Jordan valley. 

Give Syrians the Golan Heights back in turn for peace. Maybe sign an agreement with Lebanon similar to the one we had with Jordan, which is based on supplying a commodity rather than land swap.

Ofc it doesn't  
What stupid leaders we have

But yeh obvs I love Fauda blindfoldedly so ofc I'll continue watching Season 3 till the end...

Ofc he's reformed, after all he received excellent treatment in that Israeli jail for somebody who murdered 10 people.
In the first episode it shows you how Itzik lets Jihad bake knaffeh.
But look, Abu Mohammed / Hani Al-Jaabari told Nasser to murder Jihad's only son, which he nearly did. Imagine this super scary scene. A bit like the Binding of Isaac, the Hamas version- (without the God part ofc).
I am not sure Jihad is in the right state of mind to restrain himself from killing Israelis atm.
Anyway, I've had a letdown by Fauda. I am a bit disappointed. Season 1 was really good and atmospheric (you could feel almost as if you're Israeli / Palestinian living through the conflict), awesomely live I should say, and Season 2 wasn't as atmospheric but was certainly very fun to watch, especially as it continued on with pretty much exactly the same characters, + a slight focus on Nidal's family (Sheikh Awdalla's son) and - Abu Ahmad. I enjoyed season 1 and season 2 more...

Oooo
Any comments?
I mean, I just kinda feel like it was a shit episode
Except Doron's little affair there tehehe
But yeah, especially the last scene was absolutely horrible, just unbelievable and shitty as if Fauda really has began deteriorating...
Like c'mon, man. Why would Bashir and Jihad just go to random Israeli hikers and kill them... 
Btw, why are we not in Gaza already lol? Broken promise!

Anybody watched episode 4 yet?

The Arab world is a shithole.
But *Arabs* are a very able people as long as they live in a functioning country.
That's why I'd say that a one-state solution would be a good idea, since a. no land would have to be retreated from and there won't be any border complexities b. Arabs living in Israel would have a better life

BUT THEN AGAIN...

1. Such an idea would be rejected by most Palestinians
2. It would add more fuel to the conflict
3. Even if it were to work, it would only take time till a civil war would break in Israel... Because just as you said earlier, those amalgam-states simply do not work.

Conclusion = The Arab-Israeli conflict is unsolvable ???

CORRECT.

And another problem is that nobody WANTS to return to the Maghreb anymore. And even if they did, they would probably find that their synagogues have been destroyed in civil wars etc.

So the only suitable solution is to sign peace with the Palestinian Authorities, withdraw from as many west bank settlements as possible, and finally make the peace with Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States de-jure (de-facto relations have been good so far). Then hopefully we can have peace with North African countries and Iraq too. If Syria was willing to negotiate peace in turn for getting the Golan Heights, I wouldn't mind agreeing, although that would be a loss of some beautiful mountains!

&#x200B;

But what am I talking about? This is all fictional. Arab leaders don't want normalisation. Many Arabs themselves don't want peace, and they're obstructing the way of the peaceful minority.

I know..  
For that reason, I don't believe in a one-state two-nations solution.  
USSR, Yugoslavia, Sudan etc. are all examples of why this shouldn't work.

I believe the solution would be to gradually allow more Palestinians to return to their lands (whilst removing the newly built settlements in the West Bank but keeping large settlements like Ariel).  But oh God how difficult such arrangements would be...

I gotta say though, we wouldn't have been stuck in this crappy situation in the first place if Arab leaders actually cared about the welfare of their countries. Zionism went all wrong in this regard because it led to the Nakba, but had most Palestinians stayed (like some did, who later became known as 1948 Palestinians or "Israeli Palestinians"), the situation would have been much better...

What if Jews were given the right to return to their land in Europe and regain their stolen property? I know that would be difficult to implement? But that together with giving Arabs their properties back is the only really way we can say justice is achieved

You're not Israeli, are you?

True, but it's a matter of focusing on what's more urgent, not morality, is it?

Btw be careful, this is propaganda.

The only reason why I like this video is because it shows a nation with some flaws helping a nation with many, many more flaws.

It's definitely not the black-and-white picture it shows you: Definitely not Jews as being the chosen nation and Palestinians being inhumane except those who love the Jews.

Il3an rabbak, I am not even ASKING for Palestinians to love Israel. Hate Israel. I don't even care. But love peace. Have peace with your neighbours because wars are wrong.

Avihai yes. Nah I think his reaction just proves he has a soul and regret and conscience.

All I hope for is just for the two nations to find a solution,  
A solution ya'ani "Hamas gets dissolved together with Fatah"

I don't understand how people dare not think that it is in the best interests of Palestine to BAN Hamas. So many good people there in the PA, Palestinians are one of the best Arab nations: on average they have secular values. Has some relatively good universities which stand out especially considering the occupation of the West Bank and the scarce resources!

 Best food, music and culture in the Levant too!

So why has it got to be shitty like that. Why does it have to be like that. The Druze live in Israel and enjoy much more freedom than in any Arab country, except maybe Lebanon before it got annexed by so-called Hizb-ullah ("The party of God").

Why does it have to be like a black-and-white movie... Palestinian Christians and Muslims alike live much better lives in Israel. Just open the borders of Rafiah, break the wall... And let those people live under Israeli sovereignty, with an Israeli passport. Till all the hatred evaporates from them.

THAT'S what a Free Palestine looks like.

Ohh yes. So I am not the only person who watched S3E3!!!
[Spoiler Alert]

Omfg. Having kidnapped Boaz and planted a bomb planted inside his stomach was one particularly grim move. 
But he was a special unit soldier. He knew he was taking a risk. He killed people in the past. He was a grown up man who served in the army.

But taking a knife and stabbing a crying baby, an innocent little child...
Something in me probably broke whilst watching this. All why? Because this stupid little asshole from Dahariya wants to impress his girlfriend and restore his respect in the Mukawamah?
Maybe he would have been a good person if he wasn't born to such a sad reality, where the satanist organisation aka Hamas controls everything and creates a reign of terror forcing everyone to become murderers if they want to survive..

Interesting. I asked myself the same question when I watched it. Since Abu Ahmad announced he was going to resign soon, surely Walid would be the leader in no time, anyway...?

Either way, I don't think Abu Ahmad ever suspected of Walid being a collaborator with Israel. I think he may have thought him inept at most, but   


I would say the following reasons could make sense of this:

\-Walid was angry at Taufiq for trying to murder his cousin, kidnapping his aunt etc.  
\-Walid was paranoid / scared that Abu Ahmad would become chaotic after his long-devised mission got sabotaged like that. Considering Abu Ahmad even said himself, "I will hurt anybody, including your mother and you, Walid, if you prevent me from actualising my plan". Rightly, Walid probably felt that a dead Taufiq is better than a Taufiq whose mission failed and who is going to be mad at everyone.  
\-Walid was under pressure from Abu Samara, combined with power thirst which led him thinking it was the right time for him to become the next leader.  
\-Walid thought Abu Ahmad had suffered enough and decided the Hamas fighter should be a shahid. Maybe some other Hamas seal-of-respect kind of thing? Like, you know how Walid then stole Taufiq's keffiyeh and wore it himself. So zeal??!

&#x200B;

In essence, I'd summarise the motives behind the assassination like that:

Zeal, anger, sorrow, shuhada, mental disturbance, revenge, power thirst, violent psyche, submissiveness, egotism, love, anxiety, paranoia, madness.

The second one was interesting... But now, considering the fact that the creators said the third season is by far the most stressful, I am concerned by the fact that Fauzi is already dead by the end of episode 2.

It's a bad sign

Man, you're so full of hate...  
Do yourself a favor, get yourself a hobby like playing guitar or sailing or something..

Okay, when?
I am a member of the Israeli left, with Palestinian heritage. Perhaps you know better than me.

Okay sure. But you cant deny that most Palestinians are relatively indigenous. Or for all the Syrian Palestinians, at least more indigenous than Ashki Jews.

I dont know why so many people downvoted your comment- its true.

True, but then Jizya...

Oh dear... When your gut tells you Yes! My country is succeeding technologically and we are going to find a cure to cancer soon! but your heart tells you No! My country is bulldozing the culture of its indigenous inhabitants and building literally any institution in its occupied land just to convince the world that the apartheid is justified... at the same time

Jes

Hey, sure there are peaceful Palestinians within that other 31%. But there could equally be other Palestinians within this statistical stratum who just follow the principle of Tatsmoud and are close-minded to any negotiation with Israel. Thats why I didnt include the whole strata rather than estimating that at least half of the 31% are decent people.. which is an abominably unorthodox statistical method. So AT LEAST 33%.

So 10 + 23 = 33% of Palestinians are willing to have peace with Israel, and thats just a minimal estimate. I put it at, at least 40% and maybe 65% if you actually get to talk to some of the PLO people in person and realise that what they really want is peace.

Maybe he was just sick and tired of this stupid subreddit with bored, apologetic Hasbarists and Pasbarists and fuckbarists who pity themselves in intellectual conversations and blame each other for violating the threads rules. Maybe he was a man of substance, and this whole constellation isnt...?

False. 2 and the mass of an object (assuming general relativity) stay the same; they are constant. Therefore one cannot say the kinetic energy Ek is proportional to 2 or m. They are constant. It follows that indeed only the statement next to the pseudogram of the person with the minuscule cerebral cortex actually holds true.
~OUTNERD MOMENTS~

No

Yes, he told me personally he was about to leave because of threats.

Now thats what I call, Gretas boy

Haha nooo, the first one wasnt even a question, and the second one I failed.

:) 
Never been there, but my parents went there for a romantic trip together, hosted by families who took part in a peace project

Now honestly, one of the best flag designs I've ever seen!
The colour harmony is very good, nobody has ever used Bordeaux with creme in flags ! (or at least that i know)

Omg, its beautiful I love it!  
From a Jew :)

Jericho was always an amazing place, culturally speaking.. my parents have been there, they were hosted with my baby brother back then, by a Palestinian family that worked with a pro-peace tourism company. the good ol' days.

Idk how much he "pledged". He is a politician, politicians lie, you know. Just like nobody has ever witnessed Trump building his long-glorified wall along the Mexican-American border.

But yes, there's no doubt that he is willing to compromise on that...

No idea... its only a new patch, nobody knows whether it will work

Did you see my Ecosia Syria meme about a reforestation project in De_Dust 2 (CSGO Map)?

LOLOLOL  
I'm happy I am not the only person who makes Ecosia memes now XD

People who take 5 A-Levels be like

Haha same, but I do want the cultural oppression to stop. Sure, Wales benefits from the British economy (or at least before Brexit lop) but come on. Welshmen cant even speak their own language... and they dont want to anymore, the oppression already won.

Yes! Cymru  
I am so glad lol. Welsh is such a unique disappearing language, its good that theres at least some sort of diglossia in your area.

Haha you stole my idea!
~ OP

Oh haha
Free Wales  from an ex. Israeli Jew!
Free Palestine  from Jewish extremist settlers  as well.

...Karbokatin yfstatai dinoixi daktylion me meta \[...\] astefei anaparistnetai me ma telea) ... katin pagidefetai ap to achetik ischyr (syngrin...) H3SH. akolouthe apleia protonou kai schimatism...

Yep but then messenchair wouldnt be funny anymore.
Should i change the joke to Z-Messenger and E-Messenger? 

Haha! I suppose you learnt the rules the metal-hard way then :D
PS wow youre so knowledgeable about inorganic chemistry 

Read it out loud in order to get the joke

Chair and Boat conformations
Messenger => Messenchair

So cool!!! I never really saw Gallium anywhere other than Wikipedia.

Oh haha
I guess that makes sense

Yep. Perhaps change the proportions, because the O for Oxygen looks like a circle. Aside from that, well done!!!

Haha
I am Hungarian

Great talent, but you Fins are crazy! Intelligent, curious & dangerous :P

Beautifully described! Exactly, it is short-sighted vision that is liable for the irresponsible actions in the West Bank which Israel commits. It started with Begins reign as an indefinite way of compromising between the holy trinity: democracy, jewishness and zionism (full return to the historic land of the jews), hence why politicians were not great fans of the idea of sacrificing the prospect of occupying the historical cities of Bethlehem, Jericho etc. but at the same time didnt want to completely annex the land as then they would have to grant Arab citizens the right of vote etc. which would ultimately lead to an unprecedented majority of non-jewish, anti-zionist parties which conflicts with the second principle. Then of course, the only way to achieve a jewish, fully-stretched/expanded Zion with a jewish manority government would be to deprive the newly subdued Arabs of rights, but that would be condemned and deemed in the world as hugely un-democratic. From Beirut to Jerusalem by Thomas Freedman delineates on exactly that.

God bless you

Haha, you could say this is a sort of inductive argument.

If the statement "revision is productive on day 1 of the A-Level course" holds for the base case day = 1, and it works for "tomorrow" (1 + 1 = 2), then it should hold for n=k+1; i.e. you could revise anytime and get good results.

Haha no problem bro. I like your username, tesseracts are nice :33
SO first of all, just saying I am in Year 11 / Grade 10 in equivalent terms to the USA and have just finished GCSE's which are extremely low-skill math test. So I might be wrong / right but explain poorly. This is my intuition for finding the normal vector of a parametric equation, and I will also attempt to comfort you by saying that there is no normal unit vector questions other than those on parametric equations because there are simply no useful applications to the cross product in non-vector terms.
Here is what I can show you:
-I think you might have gotten a bit confused with regards to the question but if not, then:
-For an equation r(x) = any vector of functions in terms of x, you need to turn into an expression in terms of t and possibly s if that's what your question states. Review Khan Academy's article on parametric equations if this seems tricky, it certainly sounds difficult.
-Okay so now you should hopefully have a vector function with 3 entries: an expression for motion in the x-axis in terms of your parameter/s, an expression for motion in the y-axis in terms of your parameter/s && last but not least an expression for motion in the z-axis in terms of your parameter/s. What you essentially need in order to work out the normal vector (I will discuss normal unit vectors later), is compute the direction that points perpendicular to your derivatives at any given point, right? And how do we determine this perpendicular motion which is always at 90 degrees to your function? We use the cross product (again, use Khan Academy and maths.is.fun, they are both great websites, if this doesn't make sense!), which by definition gives us what we want, a NORMAL vector. So how do you find the cross product? You find the determinant of a 3-by-3 matrix as follows: [(i-hat, j-hat, k-hat), (dr/dt of r[1], dr/dt of r[2], dr/dt of r[3]), (dr/ds of r[1], dr/ds of r[2], dr/ds of r[3])] where [n] represents the number of the entry/row of your function r[t, s]. And you do that how? Check Khan Academy or MathsIsFun.com again if you don't know how to compute a determinant.
Then, hopefully now you have your determinant computed. Now, your result should be a NORMAL vector, right? In terms of t and possibly s. It points in the direction that's perpendicular to all derivative's directions, right? But who said it's a UNIT one? Who said it has a magnitude that's NORMALIZED (note; This means "conventional", "unit" RATHER than "Normal vector") to 1? We prefer things neat!
So you do a little trick: you look at the magnitude of the cross-product vector you got- then you use a calculator to find its magnitude i.e. the Pythagoras of the x-row with the y-row and the z-row, which means sqrt(1strow^2 + 2ndrow^2 + 3rdrow^2), and pretty much, simply just divide every row by that magnitude, that Pythagoras result you should get. The intuition is that if your normal vector has a magnitude of 99999999999998, then we're no good, it will explode if we compute the surface integral of the multivariable function and it's generally too big. So we just want to find a compact, unit vector of length 1 arbitrary units, and dividing all rows by the magnitude of the normal vector does exactly this.
Now you substitute your resulting NORMALIZED, NORMAL vector, and Ta-DAA! You've got your answer :))
Hope I helped. I probs didn't but >_<

"Press A to pay r.e.s.p.e.c.t.s to our A-Level brothers who are suffering so much"

Could you give me an example please?

In general, if you have a vector magnitude sqrt(a\^2 + b\^2), its corresponding normal unit vector would be sqrt(a\^2/(a\^2+b\^2) + (b\^2)/(a\^2+b\^2)).

Ah, the ultimate Flammable Maths meme.

The Official Channel of Dr. Sarkis

Why, thank you. My voice is monotone 

Yesss. Like the Berlin airlift. That'd be cool.

It's because less and less people view higher education as necessary for succeeding in their lives, including good students (who manage to make progress in apprenticeships etc.), meaning that supply stands still against a decreasing demand. So therefore they have to let lower ability students.

Personally I am not against that trend. Everybody has the right to good education.

Guys, what do you think of this? Do you think that's how Biblical Hebrew actually sounded like?

Interesting. Okay, thanks :D

Interesting! So youre saying it may have been as simple as Phoenician?

So is this invocation alright? haha.
I know, after watching this I thought, maybe sound like "th" and "dh" should have been included in the recording, but I guess it's albeit closer to the original Hebrew than MSH (Modern Standard Hebrew)

What fascist group does he not support? He is a terrible, terrible, deplorable man.

>Nope, that's incorrect. Firstly, traditional Sephardi Hebrew (with the ayins and th's) would be a better bet than Teimani. But even then, that gives you the Masoretic Hebrew of the first millennium CE. Actual Biblical Hebrew was actually much more different, and we don't actually know very much of how it actually sounded, we can only speculate.

I guess so. What interests me is the presence of dots in certain letters, like Dalet and Taw mostly but also Gimmel. Surely the dotless versions (or the dotted versions?) are pronounced more like dha, tha and gha respectively..?

Haha okay
What do you think Biblical Hebrew sounded like then?

No, because Donald Trump knows how to hide the stigmas that rise about him. Nobody (sane) in Israel supports Yair, not even the right-wing fanatics. Because they know he is easy to break, he is weak, he's a strawman from the inside, a lowly privileged child who only knows to fuck with prostitutes. That's what he knows. At least Benjamin Netanyahu is a good politician, but he is not. So while neither Benjamin or his son are good statesman, his son is a freak with no leadership skills whatsoever.

Note: I never said Bibi was a good stateman; he is an arsehole, a war criminal, a villain. But hey, that guy has to be admired for his skills in manipulation. No matter what you throw at him, put him in police interrogations, allegations for being corrupt, he always manages to escape. The most pathological liar, an invincible person who is very smart and knows how to survive any opponent. He beat Kachl Lavn in the last elections despite having to compete with a party of 4 skilled and sexy military commanders. Nobody can stop his evil desire to control the country. He just wants to live in his villa with his family and avoid taxes, because he is the "bibi king". Now don't even compare him to a dictator like Assad or Ghadafi or maybe even Erdogan. He is supreme, absolutely supreme at his job; best at lying in the whole Middle East, better than Putin, better than Trump, he can win a whole election without even changing the legislation. Just by controlling people's minds :)

Hahaha, my family is very diverse and contains Ashkenazi Jewry, Assyrians, Syrian Jews, Persians, Tajik Jews, Arabs, Turks, Portuguese, Polish Jews, Austro-Hungarian Jews and some Egyptian if I remember correctly. I should definitely definitely definitely take such DNA test!!!!!!

Hahaha brill!

Yes.
I just wanted to personally thank you for upholding those beautiful ideas, despite having lost family members (mumkin ana mish fahmet?) and land.

Ikr

u israeli? haha you shuold call yourself Balagan not Katastrofa

Yeh

It's a bit ambiguous not gonna lie. Just like with Iraq- how the hell did Erech / Uruk (a Mesopotamian city) become Iraq? Or Syria. How did Assyria become Syria? Nobody knows :D

Haha

You'll be surprised by this, even shocked-  
But there are rumours that Bibi is leftist at core. Some of Yair's posts show that Bibi has nothing against Arabs. If you ask me Bibi is probably transcendental lol, he's God. He has no fathomable political views, but instead uses politics to get access to a mansion with all expenses paid and fame and money. He might have been pro-the Israeli grean leaf party which promotes drugdealing lol. But the image Bibi builds is that he is a strong rightist leader. And that's what matters. Just like Trump. He might be an anti-semite, he might be misogynist, he might even be pro-immigrants personally. Who knows? Their vignette is what matters.

&#x200B;

PS: What I said about the Netanyahu household might just be fake news from the even MORE fascist right-wing parties in Israel, who want to elect Naphthali King as the new leader. He is "The Yamin HaKhadash", the new right. They want to be properly right, because the apartheid in the West Bank is not enough already :D

Dude, he's not even a politician at all. His dad is the prime minister of Israel and he is previleged (privileged by evil. Play on words). I don't know what he is, probably just an emo Gothic narcissistic psychotic sex/drug addict

Hahaha I thought you said Sherine Abdelwahab.

PS: I might be biased, because I grew up in Tel-Aviv Jaffa and had interfaith classes with Israeli Muslim Arab kids, and had a Christian Arab hairdresser. But to me, everything in my Tel-Avivian life imparted of adherence to the left.

It depends what you consider "left". Because historically it referred to socialism, communism etc. but now in Israeli politics it means something rather different: liberal, pro-peace, pro-LGBT, pro-2SS.

I am leftist. And I vote for Meretz. If I am going to be honest, it's offensive for me to hear that because everybody I know has been working damn hard to discourage people from voting Bibi again in the last election in March. In fact, this September I will go to Israel just to add another vote to a government which could potentially kick Bibi out.

There is some truth to this statement because what can I do, AmYisrael is becoming increasingly fascist but... hey there are Joint Arab Lists, Hadash, Balaad, there's Meretz, there's the capricious Labour party, there's Kachol Lavn which has limited tolerance towards Palestinians but who are at least against radicalisation of schools and want the country to become secular and for all of its citizens. True, some politicians who clinged to KL are basically fascists from Likud who want to cannibalise Bibi.

But you can't say there's "no left" based on 1 video lol. Plus, I really didn't watch the video but many of the people who got interviewed had humongous Kippot. I don't support content that demonises whole nations saying that there are no good people who belong to them. Just like I acknowledge that in Gaza, Hamas doesn't represent the will of most people. There are good people and bad people from every place..

Haha yeah Yair is not an idiot at all, he is a sociopath. Spot the difference-

Apparently last summer he said he would become vegetarian. And guess what? A week later he was found asking a vendor in a Shawarma shop "Give me all the meat, all the juicy fat in the world... Nice food!" etc. He also supports the KKK in America. And his neighbours have complained in the past that he doesn't clean after his dog- guess how he responds to those people? He middle fingers them.

The problem is the way he was brought up. Benjamin and Sarah literally taught him to think he was a "prince", as their social media often says. Personally for an ex-Israeli I find it disgusting how those villains essentially allude to the idea of monarchy in the modern day. To them, Yair is the prince who should reign over the ignorant people in the future. And mind you, the dude is diagnosed with psychopath behaviours of all sorts, has done drugs in the past, regularly sees prostitutes, has pimp friends who get in dodgy discussions with him.

He can't even spell English right ha lol.

As for the Judea part, it's actually from Yehuda, and Greeks spelt it as "Ieuda" in Septuagint which was in turn, transliterated by German orientalists into "Judea" and its derivative forms Judah in English etc. (from what I know at least.)

But yeah the dude has a point. It's comforting to think that on social media we actually get to confront those maniacs :)

It's interesting, because from what I gathered it seems like in Arabic you guys translate foreign words with "t" as 6 and "k" as q, just like we do in Hebrew. So falas6een is probably an Arabic version of the Roman word "Palaestina" I guess. Either way yeah, it's a very stupid argument, particularly considering that most Palestinians are basically Jews who were forced to convert to Roman polytheism and then Islam over centuries. So there's no need in denying your right to the land lol

> It's not just this video... I heard it so many times before.. And whenever I'm on an Israeli leftist YouTube channel or page I find that their left is barely centrist and goes more to the right..
> 
> Yes there are good people and bad people on all sides.. But here one side is suffering from the other side war crimes... Human rights violations... Murder.. Bombing and genocide...
> 
> In Gaza if you asked people weather they agree or don't with Hamas views.. Most would say they don't..
> 
> In Israeli occupation you will hear most of them not only agreeing but calling for more extreme measures...
> 
> I appreciate your effort along with the small percentage of Israelis like you... But based on reality Israeli government keeps going right politically ..
> 
> Off course that when you don't look at the massacres the occupation committed then they first came to Palestine... And are now trying to erase it from history

Yes. Israel drives on the right, in both meanings of the word...
It's sad, because I think that Yigal Amir's murder of the pro-peace Prime Minister Rabin definitely changed a lot in the geopolitics of our region. And now the stupid Likud party wants to free him from his life sentence. May he never see light again. May he undergo putrefaction in jail.

And I am sorry for that, I am against the de-facto (although not de-jure) prejudice against Palestinians in Jaffa (Joppa). It's terrible, I actually don't want to visit Jaffa anymore if Jews occupy it. The people I liked whenever I used to come to Jaffa were the Arabs who worked each in their profession. The picnics near the beach, that stuff. Sure, Jews can live there but I think that it has to stay a Palestinian-majority city.

You need to understand that there is a huge difference between what the government does and what the people do, and there are many initiatives for interfaith in Tel-Aviv. The government also drained the Hula lake which is super annoying. They did it just for land, not realising that water would emerge as a serious necessity in that region ...

:(  
Try to be more positive  
Your birthday will be great :)

Believe me, I've been through EVERYTHING. You are me, your friends are me, all within me. I know what it's like to be petrified by the single thing that determines your future the most in this country. And I was always against, against, against exams. It's a primitive thing. Tests are not primitive, but are flawed. Tests can be good. But exams, no. Especially not exams which follow the 1-hit-one-go style. In some countries at least the results you get in mocks count and can average it all up if you fail the final exams. In the current system, it's enough for one to be ill during a particular exam day and their whole future is screwed up :)

There is no doubt that the Iranian thugocracy doesn't care about Palestinians. Ask Palestinians in the streets, really, please do- "who has been providing you with the most financial support?", and they will all say unanimously "Saudi Arabia and the Gulf States, the Khaleej". Ofc, some have been more personally touched by Malaysia and Indonesia's funds, or worldwide Islamic charities that were set up to build schools in Gaza etc. But NOT stupid Iran, which is a Shi'ite and thus is fundamentally an enemy to all Sunni countries. It wants to purify Iraq from Sunnis and instill a puppet government, they want to suck all the oil from Iraq because all their economy is getting fucked up by the West's sanctions. So what you have in this semi-dysfunctional country is like 75% smart, hardworking, clever, modernised, cultured, warm-hearted, peaceful people who are being oppressed by this terrible immoral regime which disregards minorities' rights. They are bad news for the middle east, just like the Medians and the Parthians have been. Any imperialist occupational force that tries to get its grip on the Mediterranean is bad.

&#x200B;

PS: DOES Iran support Palestine? Haha. Watch [https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPos7HE5upQ](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=TPos7HE5upQ)Saudi Arabia helps Palestine. Fucking Iran doesn't.

\-> PSS: Maybe they help *Hamas*, but it's but a hideous vested interest of them to destroy the Jewish people. Just like the leadership of Xerxes I was about to disrupt decades of co-existence in the cities of Susa and prejudice against the Jews. Hamman HaRashaa. That's what Ayatollah Khamenei is. An instigator, an evil man, a conspirator, a renegade of his own people.

Well, the Iranian regime has definitely shown its solidarity with the Palestinians (more like "free access to the Mediterranean sea") but whatever. But Palestinians? Their world is too small to focus on problems like the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran. The average person in the West Bank has access to less than 1/5 of the amount of water recommended by the World Health Organisation.

But what do us humans know about politics anyway. What does the W.H.O. know about water management. At the end of the day this organisation was set up by people in Europe, in the Netherlands and in Belgium whose ancestors probably signed the Sykes-Picot agreement which awfully led to most of the conflicts the Middle-East is currently engraved in..
The world is crazy
Al dinya majnun :P

I have been through a lot in my life, let's just put it this way.

Well, the Iranian regime has definitely shown its solidarity with the Palestinians (more like "free access to the Mediterranean sea") but whatever. But Palestinians? Their world is too small to focus on problems like the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran. The average person in the West Bank has access to less than 1/5 of the amount of water recommended by the World Health Organisation. So being pre-occupied with thoughts about Shi'a Islam and Sunni Islam when they can barely conduct basic daily lives?

But what do us humans know about politics anyway. What does the W.H.O. know about water management. At the end of the day this organisation was set up by people in Europe, in the Netherlands and in Belgium whose ancestors probably signed the Sykes-Picot agreement which awfully led to most of the conflicts the Middle-East is currently engraved in..
The world is crazy
Al dinya majnun :P

>

Probably not if you're gonna study Economics or something similar.  
Maths, Physics and Chemistry is definitely a good A-Level triad ;-)

I am doing exactly the same + Further Maths next year. I just finished GCSE's, so technically I am still Year 11.

Well, the Iranian regime has definitely shown its solidarity with the Palestinians (more like "free access to the Mediterranean sea") but whatever. But Palestinians? Their world is too small to focus on problems like the rivalry between Saudi Arabia and Iran. The average person in the West Bank has access to less than 1/5 of the amount of water recommended by the World Health Organisation.

But what do us humans know about politics anyway. What does the W.H.O. know about water management. At the end of the day this organisation was set up by people in Europe, in the Netherlands and in Belgium whose ancestors probably signed the Sykes-Picot agreement which awfully led to most of the conflicts the Middle-East is currently engraved in..
The world is crazy
Al dinya majnun :P

I suppose that nowadays Palestinians do not hate Shi'a Muslims so long as Iran is providing support for Gaza. (I guess) but really, I have no idea other than that.

There's the aforementioned rivalry between Sunnis and Shi'a, true, because Sunnis (most Palestinians) don't agree with the notion that Ali was the true heir to the caliphate. 

Either way, Palestinians are bothered with a thousand more things than religious differences. The current Palestinian Authority in the West Bank hosts itself as a home to possibly half a million non-Muslims or even more. There are Samaritans who live in Jabal-Al-Jarizim.

Black-and-white keffiyeh, olive trees and falasteen matter more to the average Palestinian than silly endo-religious grievances.

Haha :P

Well yes, I understand property rights. I am the first person to understand it, because as a Jew, having my land stolen from me, property taken and being discriminated is not new to me. I might be chatting to you right now, but I am old. Very old. I am 4000+ years old and have scars from the Spanish Inquisition's purges against Jews, from the Roman exile in 77 CE, from persecution in the Ottoman Empire, from Auschwitz, from Kishinev etc. etc. etc.

But yes, Palestinians are not to blame for what the Jewish people have been through. Personally, the state of Israel could have been established in an enclave within Germany. What does it matter? As long as we get a right to self-determination.

A Utopian solution is one that takes both sides' consideration. Maybe- for example- if all Jewish families from Poland, Germany, Tunisia, Morocco etc. got their lands back, and all Palestinian families got theirs too, back...

Mar7aba, I would like to introduce myself, a post-Zionist Jew.

Man, I am speechless...

Cool :)

Lurk? I think this word has bad connotations. Regardless, this summer marks my transformation from one exam period to another, so I doubt I will always have the time to engage in fruitful and developed discussions. Maybe, maybe not. I simply don't know.

Nope, not a grad student.

Alrighteeeeee so that's when I have to kinda expose myself:  
I am a teenager.

Yes, true that about r/Israel. r/IsraelPalestine maybe not so much, but yes there exists a bunch of users there which concern me. Actually it was someone on r/IsraelPalestine who called me an "Amorite". LOL. Not that I find it derogatory; the Amurru were the very people who immigrated to & inhabited Mesopotamia :)

So what? Just because there are extremists there, not to take part in discussion? In fact I am sure some people here hate me just because I am  a former Israeli. That's why 8% of the points given to this post (as of now) were negative. But one must look at the positive side. 92% responses were positive points. And actually, when I just started this thread yesterday it was more like 80%. Meaning: it's either that more people are coming now and liking this, or, more interestingly, that seeing my re-posts, they decide to undo their dislikes because I am not as bad as they thought.

Either way, it shows something very interesting about the nature of people. For a Jew (let alone a former ISRAELI!) to go on this subreddit seemed very scary at first, but seeing that 92% gave this post a like, there's nothing to be afraid of. Extremism just comes from a place of ignorance.

Right, so again, 13 people in my family died in the Holocaust. I believe Jews should have a place to call home. But I think that place should be secular and equally a home to its Palestinian citizens. Hence the POST Zionism, the belief that the current form of the Israeli state is not working and has to be replaced with a state that defends both of its nations.

:D

How exactly did I quote Hitler?
Hahaha you're actually crazy, you hallucinate

Oooph when a Phoenician goes against her Canaanite brothers /:

You know why it's funny ?  
Because he was claiming I am an anti-semite when in fact I am a former Israeli resident, an Ashkenazi Jew, with 13 family members who died in the Holocaust. I am the LAST person to deny the right of Jews to self-determination. But just because I am pro-peace with the Palestinians apparently I am Nazi now xD

> The challenge was already issued so if that is really what you believe then drink you mothers milk to prove it or shut up because your just quoting the Nazis.

I just don't know where I said the Jews were a species lol, I said that the current government is not willing to negotiate for a 2 state solution. I think you're delusional and need to go to an asylum asap, OMG I am actually scared of thinking that people like you have access to the internet just like that.

Wait, so apparently I am anti-semitic now?

I am a Jew :D

Ugh... It's so annoying how those rabbis are the ones that impact the most. I know many rabbis who are nothing like that. Actually, slavery defies the values of Judaism as it is today. Maybe this rabbi thinks he can travel back in time to 2000 BCE. But nowadays that's not how it works, it's not how it works, it's terrible :(

Inshallah there will be as many Israeli Arabs who will make the right choice and vote for a left-wing government that will get rid of Netanyahu the tyrant .

Sad reality :(

Idk how "amazing" it is, but the situation is just depressing

I think it's not so much about the way that Jews are being killed "on a regular basis" nowadays as much as historically we did, and as much as there are leaders around the world who openly talk about how it's their passion to see the Holocaust happening again. It's dangerous.

Btw just because he has this idea it doesn't mean he is not an Israeli Jew haha. Many West Bank settlers who want so-called "peace" claim that Palestinian confederacy with Jordan is the solution. What they essentially want is to toss the burden at the Jordanians, whose land has already been buried with millions of refugees from Syria and Palestine alike. It's in the Orthodox Jew settler's vision to see a nation of 4-5 million Palestinians living under Israeli sovereignty in their own territory with no Israeli citizenship and no right of vote :)

That's true!  
You have no idea how angry I am at 1) the Zionists who claim that you're equivalent to the Amalekites which ancient Judah fought against 2) \[even more\] those who claim that you are immigrants from Saudi Arabia.

It's just nonsense. Just like the way so many Palestinians claim Jews are Khazars / European.

It's pathetic. And it reeks from the biggest human malady of all; selfishness. Lying to yourself about the other side's perspective not existing in order to promote your own agenda.

It is very immature indeed, and only when this phenomenon gets eradicated we can maybe START talking about ta3ayish.

I mean it's not entirely wrong, most Palestinians believe in the Khazar Jew theory which has been dismissed as anti-semitic multiple times. Let's face it, the current leader of the Palestinian Authorities, Mahmoud Abbas, made Holocaust denial his academia work.

It's funny, because many Palestinians who do DNA tests find that they have Jewish heritage. It's clear that most Palestinians can trace back to the genetics of Jews who were converted to Roman polytheism in 77 CE and later Islam. Others have mixed Canaanite-Philistine-Phoenician genetics or perhaps Arab genetics due to invaders from the caliphate who settled here. But as a whole yes, the two groups should realise their congruence.

I doubt at the moment it would be feasible to create a 1 binational state, however I do think the following are a good place to start with if both sides want peace:

\-Declare the ongoing conditions in Gaza to be a humanitarian crisis and ban the leadership of Hamas  
\-Egypt to open the Gaza border in Rafiah and check that the people who come out have no weapons  
\-Deliver them safely to Israeli territory where they can receive treatment etc.  
\-Start a re-building programme in Gaza and allow Palestinians and Jews alike to return  
\-Make the restrictions on settlers' entrance to Palestine harder in proportion to the radius of their Kippot. (Secular Jews who just want to see friends from the West Bank for example, should be let in)  
\-Allow Palestinians to re-inhabit the lands that got taken from them in Israel.

Well, many Israeli Arabs are well-integrated into society. And for those of you who are just naturally hostile towards me, don't jump at me saying that Israel deprives ALL of its Arabs. Really, some Arabs in Israel are professors, singers, own restaurants etc. Just look at the most recent round of The Voice Israel, in July. Who won, the Israeli guy with "Ashkenazi" as his surname or the Israeli Arab girl from Nazareth?

I think it would honestly do good to people to get to know each other, really. I've been learning Arabic using [MadrasaFree.com](https://MadrasaFree.com), a completely Israeli enterprise of students (both Jewish and Muslims) who teach Arabic online. Many of the Arabs involved in this project are students at university who have Jewish friends.

I agree with you on the politicians in Israel. Smotrich is a fundamentalist Jew, wants to return to the "good olden days" when women got stoned to death for not immodest clothing...

So first of all my friend, I highly discourage doing Philosophy and Ethics. It's bad news. Keep the philosophy as a free-time hobby, where you won't be judged and jumped on for having your own ideas :D  
I have friends who do Philosophy because they're honestly passionate about it, but they claim it's a very strictly-organised course and limits freedom. Really, don't do it.

As for 4 subjects, go for it ! I agree with SkillsDepayNabils on how doing 4 subjects when the last is not Further Maths is overkill. But you need to remember that those people who do Further Maths are inherently super-competent at what they're doing.

However, there's no reason why you shouldn't start with 4 subjects, hey! Just because you're doing it to start with it doesn't mean you'll stick to it. You can easily drop the subject you don't like to return to the good ol' 3 subjects.

In fact, I highly recommend you choose 4 at first, because then that's the only way you can drop a subject if you don't like it :D

As for "which subjects to do?" Idk! Sorry. I am not you. I don't know what's good for you. I can only advise you to do Maths REGARDLESS of what the other subjects are unless you really hate maths man (soz maybe you're a girl idk so I assume you're a boy). Maths is ubiquitous.

Chemistry should also be a really good option. Makes you smarter, and universities highly regard it. Mind you, if you're not passionate about Chemistry, you won't do well in it! In maths you can somehow succeed regardless. (NOT in Further Maths tho). But in Chemistry, the people who do the best in it are the ones who like it the most. 

History in my opinion is a bit useless as it doesn't assess your actual analysis skills. It's just another subject where the board of education expects you to give your answer in a very boring and formulee method :P

&#x200B;

But who am I to affect your life decisions man. I recommend doing maths, chemistry, spanish and history and then dropping one of the last 3 if you're strongly against it. That's it ig

Haha I feel home :P

It is quite interesting indeed, I always bothered with this question:  
"is God alive?" if God exists within us, why did he let the Holocaust happen?

Is it true that we were originally his Chosen people but that he rejected us? If so, are Christians the new chosen people? Or did they sin too, and it's now the Muslims?

I think one could make a good movie about it. "The Lost Chosen People". About the war in Lebanon.

I am sorry, but I just can't see how constructive criticism from a Jew is anti-semitism xD

13 people in my family died in the Holocaust. Do you really think I support the Khazar Jew theory? XD

This post is about peace, really. If you want to dispense an attack on anti-semites, go and confront the BDS trolls on this website. Really, go and do it. But I am Jewish and pro-coexistence, ana yahudi minshaan al-ta3ayish bein itnein al-sha3ebeen.

I don't quite understand why you attacked me and the people on this post out of all the evil that surrounds you, man..

Shabbat shalom

Well yes, but a secular state. Or at least if we're talking about a Jewish 1SS, it should allow Palestinian residents to live in accordance with their own religion. Palestinians should not have to close their shops on Yom Kippur, that's ridiculous and it's already happening in the city of Lydda !

Benjamin Netanyahu used the idea of annexing the West Bank to gain his last-moment emergency votes in the last election..?

\> Because anything is else is just doomed to be greed and vested interest.

I have to agree with this. Everybody is entitled to their own opinion, but only Jews and Palestinians (including Palestinians and Jews who are currently refugees/in the diaspora respectively) should be able to change the status quo.

Well, as an eternal resident of Tel-Aviv, I can tell you that nearly everybody I know in this city supports a two-state solution. All around the Gush Dan province really. Also in some neighbourhoods in Jerusalem there are educated people and academics who want peace. Let's just put it this way: Israeli politics are stained with the colour or Shasniks and religious, uneducated Sephardi/Mizrakhi Jews who ruined the chance for peace.

Which 3ed'aa was Yigal Amir, the notorious assassin of the only politician who was about to deliver peace to the two nation- which 3ed'aa was he from? Orthodox Yemenite Jew. There's a serious problem with certain 3edot (Jewish backgrounds) which generally uphold more extreme views than others. That is to say, I am definitely not racialist, but I think that historically some groups of Jews around the world received more secular, broad education than others. And the following is a good example of this:

Iraqi Jews have (mostly) contributed  to technology and this is because historically they lived in the cities around Babylon, which promoted learning. Later when the Median Empire conquered and destroyed Babylon, they produced the Talmud which is the source of Haskalah and challenging of pre-existing interpretations of the Tanakh, i.e. Iraqi Jews lived more reform (if not secular) lives altogether. Syrian Jews are basically like educated Ashkenazim haha, speaking as one. Persian Jews have generally contributed a lot to culture & cuisine however most of them didn't come from wealthy families, and that's why many Persians today in Israel vote for far-right wing parties. And whilst some Yemenite and Moroccan Jews do vote Meretz (I know some of those people PERSONALLY okay), the vast majority of them are Likudniks... One cannot hide the fact that there is a lot of division with Israeli society ITSELF, not to mention Beta Yisra'el and all the Ethiopian Jewish community... 

So ultimately one must not ignore that things are not black-and-white. Some Arabs in Israel have seats in the parliament and represent the conservative LIKUD party rather than their own parties, Balad and Hadash etc. So some Arabs support Zionism, and some Jews (like the Neturei Qarta group for example) are fiercely against Zionism.

Extreme minority = better than minority of extremists ;-)

Oh mama, here we go again...

... Yigal Amir? Assassinated the Israeli PM Yitzkhak Rabin for promoting the Oslo Accords?

Post-Zionism

Haha I can't believe I actually had the Chutzpah to open this thread thinking I could solve this laplace transform question.

Nah it's not the mix

It's just bad timing... Previous years (except last year) all did FM and M simultaneously lol. I don't blame them! Man, would you want to know about roots of unity and differential equations before you get to integration? It makes no fucking sense!  
I heard now my school is returning to that obsolete way of teaching next year, and I am super sad about it. I really hope they change their mind and return to their little "experiment" with teaching maths first then further maths.

Haha more like:  
"Hey Holiday why do you always wear that mask?"  
\*takes Holiday's mask off\*  
"shit 12 months of vacuum where you are too depressed to enjoy your time after 2 years of being in custody under GCSE's, and even when you actually get to do things you love, the thoughts of not being able to proceed to sixth form after Results Day repressing you (which is deliberately right on the 22nd of August, the end of the holiday, just cuz the government disdains its youth's mental health)"

Wow!
Amazing option. If I didn't have an actual, sexual fetish for organic synthesis I guess I would have done the same :P
Maths, Further Maths, Physics and Chemistry- might do Modern Hebrew or Computer Science AS as well if that's still a thing.

>ng, no reason to try liking something if you just cant.

Ooph violated my Biology teacher from my old school:  
"Biology is irrefutably the most engaging and interesting science subject of all"

You know what's the problem with Biology?  
Great subject and everything. But you know how it's the SINGLE subject out of the 3 sciences that has the most required practicals.

....And I ask myself, if we got sooooo many fucking experiments to memorise off by heart, why didn't we get a practical for studying sperm cells and fertilisation? xD

Yes but we have to admit that there's no point in doing 2 years of English when the focus is clearly on quotations from AIC ffs rather than actually grasping the English Language. By all means, I enjoy studying English Literature but having had to do this for soooo long... Man, it's oppression. And believe me, I am one of those people who kept going back and forth between 9's and 6's. I hate all the idiots who got away with writing bullshit in English Literature just because they knew how the mark scheme works...

Bro  
Which A-Levels are you taking next year ?

That's nice!!
We do CP1, CP2, FP1 and FM1 by default but (not sure if this is correct!) I am pretty sure that last year the layout was changed from regular Maths lessons + simultaneously having Further Maths lessons to finishing the whole Maths spec in a couple of months before moving on to Further Maths in March Year 12, and I think this gave teachers more time to teach the students; at some point they realised they were too bright to revise Maths topics with the 2-3 extra months they got, so I think they started teaching FS1 as well and allowing people to choose whichever 4 combos they wanted. Some people were incredibly smart and in fact TAUGHT THEMSELVES D1 & D2, which really is crazy. Hopefully I will get to do the same, teach myself, because the previous academic layout of doing Maths and Further Maths at the same time in different classes where you have people still struggling with integration when they are about to be introduced to topics like polar coordinates...

HAHAHAHA

Aha yes I got confused lol. Physics was definitely more interesting than Biology idk why I got two mixed up. Perhaps because my physics teacher was really bad?

Note that when I list those subjects here below, I am in no position to rate subjects. Every subject is equal. I don't actually mean "oh, those subjects are that good or alternatively that bad". I am just saying, this is my rating for the way each subject is TAUGHT in GCSE's, or at least from my own experience, with subjects that I DID.

1. Chemistry (because the Organic stuff is pretty damn cool)
2. Physics
3. Biology
4. Further Maths
5. Computer Science
6. English Language
7. History
8. \[Insert pretty much any language subject, I did French, German and Hebrew\]
9. Maths
10. Religious Studies
11. English Literature

AHAHAHAHA I KNOW RIGHT

It's a shitty situation and a shitty area, what can I say... Maybe the Jews shouldn't have entered this land, it's not like their efforts to live here were welcomed by the local governments. Ask Israelis in the street if they hate Syrians, they will say "No, I feel empathy because their country is destroyed by a dictator". Ask them if they hate Jordanians or Egyptians, they'll say "We have peace with them, why would I hate them?". Now ask Egyptians if they hate Israel, seriously, and I guarantee you that 80% will say yes.

Haha 100000% story of my life :3

Me :)  
(Probably. My school doesn't force people who do Further Maths to do it, but instead, we are taught like 5-6 modules and get to choose which 4 we like the best)

I created a new YouTube channel to assist calculus, physics and possibly organic chemistry students commencing on September 2019

Haha God bless you man. I am a 16 years old doing this kinda stuff, nobody in my year even cares about differential equations, the people don't even know how to differentiate sin(x) here lol (understandably, we haven't started calculus yet) but yeah

drsarkis has been created

Thank you :D  
I wish you best of luck

So by that logic, your comments total likes - dislikes counter has no defined square root.

Haha dw
It's not like I am a massive nerd and ONLY revise all the time
I've also seen multiple friends so far. And been swimming like every day, and playing piano, and learning languages like Palestinian Arabic and recapping on my French and German which I had to neglect during the exam year...

The Asian Four:

Maths, Physics, Chemistry, Further Maths.

I already know the whole of mechanics / kinematics in physics, literally EVERYTHING in maths, the organic AS bit and some physical topics in Chemistry && CP1/CP2 with some acknowledgement of topics in FP1, D1, FM1, FS1 in Further Maths etc.

I highly recommend you guys start your early reading for your subjects, if not just purchase the relevant books :)

That's so cool!!  
Never knew Criminology was an actual A-Level lol. But it makes sense, I guess it goes well with Psychology where you get to learn about the actual cognitive behaviours which lead to people ending up resorting to committing crime offences ...

Ecosia: Mass tree-planting project in Syria be like (no offence, just making fun of their weird YouTube promos!)

:D

ThE^x INTer.nET

Just a muscle flex really =P

Haha ikr!!!!  
I am sooo looking forward to spending time with my lads studying things that ACTUALLY MATTER IN LIFE, e.g. poisson distribution or modelling simple harmonic motion in a spring using second order differential equations. Not fucking boxplots and Pythagoras Theorem for the #93th time.

:)  
Which A-Levels are you gonna do?

Oh ffs don't tell me you guys use that stupid mnemonic in A-Levels...

Haha!

Quality!

Speaking as a Y11 who hasn't started their A-Levels realistically speaking

I still look forward to the course and I get it might be challenging so it's good to have things such as this.

Well done for the effort :)

Lel that structural diagram on the board ..

(Or just pure hexagons?)

Ah shit man ...

I got too happy when I removed all my GCSE content haha !  
A-Levels ought to refill my book with rubbish again /:

HAHAHA Ikr

Used to be so afraid of them

Now after I've done my GCSE's I am just like ....

=ma

:D

Haha it's funny because actually, you could use Pythagoras' Theorem to prove that the area of a triangle is 1/2absin(C), which in turn can be manipulated by dividing all sides of the equation 1/2absin(C) = 1/2bcsin(A) = 1/2acsin(B) by their common little "factor" abc which gives sinC/c = sinA/a = sinB/b etc.

=> And this can be used to prove the cosine rule. So yeah, here you go

Hahaha noooooo whoever said that needs to be hanged.

In GCSE's, all that matters is the ***solid level you get on 22nd August 2019 (Results Day)***. I mean sure, the Year 10 mocks are a good indication of progress. By all means, try your hardest, and reflect on the feedback you get. But really, the middle-Year 11 and second-Year 11 mocks are a thousand times more important. I am predicted now mostly 9's and 8's due to my success in late Year 11 past papers and mocks, that being said after I scored 6's and 5's in Year 10.

Don't worry.

Me during my GCSE's

HAHAHA LITERALLY!

Further Maths GCSE students seeing a question on the range of a function for the 5th fucking time

Noice bro

I understand you're, too, a lingo-nerd?

PM me :)

Hitler React To GCSE Further Maths 2019 [Paper 2, 2 hours]

Why the fuck does Statistics GCSE even exist?

Lol

Me when I know Further Mathematics Paper 2 was sooo BAD

Haha relax dude it's a joke

I was just trying to cause fear-mongering in order to stop people sticking to this horrible habit ffs

Hahaha nice

I used D(f(x))

NOT lmao

Yes but German is not agglutinative lmao
Finnish is, Turkish is, Hungarian is- but not German. Just because NOUNS follow that rule it doesn't turn it into a whole language paradigm.

Haha you nerd

I love you man !

Yeah, China and Indonesia are also responsible for more than a 1/2 of all water pollution in the pacific

Omfg you were warned

No burning!

By the really orange/yellowish flame I can absolutely TELL that you've produced some carbon monoxide in this.

We Jews had an even bigger temptation than you, because we had Lag Ba'Omer, the festivity of bonfires, literally during half-term after finishing 50% of the exam. But we \_DIDN'T\_.

But we didn't!

Yess...

Yo boys and girls, learn from me.

I donated all my maths and history books to my friend who is broke,

My science books (and workbooks from both 1-9 tier and 8-9) to the science department which is also kinda broke,

My Islam notes to a Jewish Education class in order to encourage interfaith tolerance,

Then my English literature books to people who only recently started speaking proper English.

Haha

I wish I could do the same,

However I've been using like 10 freakin' pens due to anxiety / paranoia that I might run out of ink during an exam!

Haha it's fine, German is a fusional / synthetic language, as long as you adhere to the rules (AND BELIEVE ME, THERE *ARE* RULES REGARDING HOW YOU ADD MORE LEXEMES INTO YOUR WORD), then you're fine haha

Yes
Gcse favours wingers, cheats and nihilistic, shallow people who copy the mark scheme like idiots. Its an utterly pointless struggle for everyone with like 22 exams let alone homework!
On the other hand, A-Levels favour hard-working (in a good way, not tryhards, but actually appreciate what they are doing), ambitious, passionate people who can withstand / endure long hours of complicated and deep learning and actually enjoy it. You get rid of 66% if your subject in order to focus stuff that actually matter in your life ^.^

Well, there are two main ways of working derivatives out:

1. Derivatives by exhaustion / limits: As you said, d is a small nudge, something like a change of 0.00001 au. When you have lim d-->0, dy/dx, it's basically like you're working the gradient over an increasingly small change in each axis. The idea is to \_see\_ where it converges as d becomes smaller and smaller (until it's nearly 0). This gives you a very good estimate of the so-called "instantaneous rate of change", that is to say, the 100% correct gradient if I were to draw a perfect tangent along that point. This is incredibly useful in mathematics because you can use this method to precisely calculate the rate of change at a given point.
2. Derivatives by algebra / differentiation: This is where things get fun. For an expression ax\^n, you differentiate it by multiplying the coefficient of x (a) by the index (n) and decreasing n by 1. So, if you were asked to differentiate 3x\^2, you should get 6x\^1 = 6x. And that's why if you want to find the gradient at x = 1.5 in the quadratic graph 3x\^2, it would be much faster to work it out by algebraic differentiation and get 6(1.5) = 9 rather than going through all the process of limits and all that shit. And in fact, as you add up terms in calculus, you get a polynomial. This is basically a posh word for quadratic expressions, cubic expressions, quartic expressions etc. All you need to do is just apply differentiation to each of those terms individually and add them up, and you're done!. (Btw professionals call this rule *The Power Rule*.)

But there's more to differentiation. You'll soon get into A-Level maths and A-Level Further Maths, where you might come across a function such as sin(x) or ln(x) in the good case, if not something terribly difficult such as cos\^2(x+1)\*e\^x. Then you get into exponential differentiation, the chain rule, the product rule, the quotient rule etc. It really isn't anywhere near as easy as erely sticking to the power rule. It's a whole new story of equations and rules to learn. And integration makes things even more complicated when you'll have to be able to re-wind those rules e.g. in u-substitution.. Limit tests are also quite difficult to learn for the average calculus student. If not hard, they are just tedious and sooooo boring... The Central Limit theorem... omg

Yes bro.

Unfortunately, we are not told they're called derivatives. Further Maths L2 boys call 'em "differentials". Because we are taught to think that everybody is different and that's a good thing lmao

Haha :D

You'll do well, you're German.

Germanic peoples literally *dominate* Mathematics.

Euler, Gauss, Leibnitz, Zermelo, Cantor, Einstein, Hilbert, Lipschitz, Kepler, Kronecker, von Neumann...

When 99.9% ppl are finished with their GCSE's and you know you've got a long Friday to go

No problems bro \^\_\^

Haha I was joking, I love limit problems. Actually that's the first thing I touched when I studied Calculus on Khan Academy last summer. They are particularly useful not on their own, but as tools for proving that a series converges etc. for example the proof that the Euler-Mascheroni Constant () is a fixed value.

Nonono you should *definitely* take Maths A-Level! Just don't take Further Maths if you can't handle it. I fucked up Maths Paper 3 because I had nausea throughout the entire exam (I have H-Pylori if not just general gastritis / abdominal inflammation sensitivity). I am very sad because I might end up getting an 8 instead of a 9, in which case I can still register to Further Maths in my school, but people will just keep laughing at me for not being an "easy 9'er" (the Head of Further Maths in my school in his own words). Further Maths has a really dicky community and they won't tolerate people who are simply after their general interest in maths. You have to do well in maths GCSE first. 2 + 2 = 5. Don't follow your passion. Big brother Government is watching you. They don't want you to have fun, they want you to do something you're awesome at.

AQA Has Betrayed Our Trust

Nonono don't be surprised, you know what you're doing and are in good shape for the exam :D

This is my tip for you: If you want to *NOT* have to struggle memorising all the key transformation matrices, use this method of mine whenever you see an exam question about describing a transformation:

\-> Break the matrix down into 2 column vectors.

\-> The first column vector will describe the new transposed coordinates of the point (1,0) i.e. the x-vector also known as i hat.

\-> The second column vector will describe the new transposed coordinates of the point (0,1) i.e. the y-vector also known as j hat.

\-> Then you draw a diagram to show the new position VS the old positions and this should make everything much more clear :D

Over time (lol not that you have too much time to revise but still), this should become second nature and you could be able to do this in literally seconds in your head.

As for combined matrices, for a transformation by matrix A and then matrix B, you find the product of matrix BA as opposed to AB, don't get them confused up because matrix multiplication is **NOT** a commutative strictly speaking. It may sounds a bit weird, I know. But just think of the first matrix in this operation as a representation of the unit square. In fact, after you've finished working out matrix BA, if there's a question that involves double, triple or even quadruple combination of matrices, just remember that you need to immediately start treating it almost as a point you can transform using the next transformation matrix i.e. C. (so basically work out B x A, then C x (BA), then D x (CBA) and so forth..

Hope it helped bro :D

Yeh I mean they just left it out because they knew most people (Yes yes, even Triple students) are usually too dumb / arrogant to \_NOT\_ distinguish between Europa and Europe.

Just because it's characteristic of the Further Maths Level 2 course haha

Also, they'd need to cover up their ass from being sued by angry parents saying that their child wrote about the atmosphere of the continent of Europe instead of the stats shown in the figure / table. Just keep that in mind, we live in a mental society xD

How old are you?

Haha

Wasn't it 96.4% though?

When you play silly stickman strategy games when you're supposed to be revising for 3 exams

Shut the fuck up lol, it's labelled "Pre-exam" by the flair. And the title says 14th June, which clearly shows it's talking about a future event, not the present.

If I need to retake maths, you need to retake English Language because your reading comprehension skills are seriously flawed -\_-

Thanks bro ^_^
Windows Movie Maker has nearly finished downloading.
I am using my day off school to create an absolutely sublime video on Chemistry Paper 2. Soo much content to address there haha!
Subscribe to ARIVILIAR and you'll be guaranteed to get Chemistry, Physics and Further Maths (yes yes- a bit esoteric) Hitler Reacts videos.

Fuck you.

This whole idea of private schools with "six people per class" is clearly so outdated and stupid, if they nurtured such a saucy boy like you XD

Thanks man \^\_\^  
I spent a whole night making this haha. And in the end it turned out it had so many grammatical mistakes, too. If not grammatical mistakes, I still feel like some of the jokes were a bit blunt, or may not have been expressed in the most eloquent manner possible. For example, I wrote "They labelled the bit I already knew about the phosphate", which, as lucky as I am to have been on the same boat as you guys, wouldn't be understood by the average person. It should have been "They labelled the only part of the nucleotide I knew, the phosphate, and left it for us to work out the pentose sugar". That would have been better. But I guess I tried to adhere as much as possible to the time allocated for each subtitle, y'know, it's a bit hard. Also, I tried to make some of the words sound similar to those called out by Hitler and his colleagues, just to make it more credible i.e. "SS", "Prefer", "Outright", "Hannah", "Stents" etc... But I guess that's just too much. I shoulda kept it simple bro.

Hitler reacts to Biology Paper 2 (AQA) [Spoiler Alert]

I mean it's just traumatic for me to think about Hartop because I wrote the writer used his "Armenian" name together with metonymy of his "van" alluding to "Van", a city in the ancient Armenian Kingdom, to show that he is of Armenian descent => He is a poor immigrant therefore we should feel sympathy for him as well as Alice => I only partially agree with the statement. Fuck my life now lol.

Yes, and it's also a metaphor because rabbits symbolise innocence.

Yes that's fine, as long as you get to relax and reboot before the next exam :D

And you're also on the verge of a mental breakdown because GCSE stress is tearing you apart.

Me no come from America

